Good morning mam. I am abdullah al tamim and my groupmate is fatema akter. 
The topic of our project was double hash table.

Now first of all we will be introduced with hashing and double hashing.
Hashing is an important data structure designed to solve the problems of
 efficiently finding and storing data in an array. It is done for faster 
access to elements. For an example hashing can search a value in constant 
time on average. Whereas, the linear searching and the binary searching
takes order of n and log of n times respectively.

But there is a one drawback of hashing which is, collision of elements 
during inserting. And to overocme collision, there are several methods.
double hashing is one of them. During double hashing If a collision is found,
then we use a modified funtion of the usual modulus funcion and a secondary
function. In our case, our modulus function is 
		h1(x) = element%size;
and our Secondary function is:
		h2(x) = r - (element % r) where r is the nearest prime number
					   which is lower than the size.
and finally our modified modulus function is:
		h1'(x) = [(h1(x) + i * h2(x))%size] 
where i is initially zero, but it will increase till size-1 to find an empty index.

Let's take a quick review of the algorithms of our program. 
First of all, in the main function we have created a menu for insertion,
deletion, searching and displaying. 

In the insert function, after scaning the value from the user we check if the
index number which is obtained from the hash1 function is equal to the zero or not.
If it is zero, which means there is no element in that index then we place the 
scanned element in that index. And if the index is not equal to zero then we 
call the modified hash1 function, which with the help of the secondary hash 
function gives us an empty index if it is available. 

Our next two options, which are searching and deleting, have almost the same 
algorithm. Both options will use the modified hash 1 function to find the required
key. In case of searching, if the key is found then a message will show up,
on the other hand, for deletion, the element will be replaced by 0;

So that was a short review on our project. THank you.

